Document data usage fees for egress private endpoints (#20827)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/egress-private-endpoints.md

- [Google Cloud VPC Private Service Connect (GCP PSC)](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/private-service-connect)
- [Confluent Cloud on GCP or AWS](https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/)

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> Egress private endpoint usage is billed based on bytes processed over the endpoint, which includes the cloud provider's per-GB data processing fees and any applicable data transfer charges with no additional markup for Cockroach Labs. These charges appear as separate line items on your invoice under _Private endpoint - bytes processed_.

Reviewer: If I understand correctly:

```suggestion
Billing for egress private endpoint usage is based on bytes processed over the endpoint, which includes the cloud provider's per-GB data processing fees and any applicable data transfer charges. There is no additional markup from Cockroach Labs. These charges appear as separate line items on your invoice under **Private endpoint - bytes processed**.
```
